# Dorkinator


**Dorkinator** is a powerful Google Dorking tool designed for automated reconnaissance and information gathering during security assessments and penetration testing. It simplifies the process of searching for potential vulnerabilities, sensitive information, and misconfigurations on web applications and servers.

## Introduction

Dorkinator is developed with the aim of providing penetration testers, security researchers, and ethical hackers with a versatile and user-friendly tool for leveraging Google Dorks effectively. By utilizing carefully crafted Google search queries (Google Dorks), Dorkinator facilitates the discovery of common security flaws, such as directory listings, database-related leaks, authentication issues, and more.

## Key Features

- **Comprehensive Search Options**: Dorkinator offers a wide range of search options categorized into Information Gathering and Vulnerability Parameters, covering various aspects of web application security.
- **Automated Google Searches**: The tool automates the process of constructing Google Dorks and executing Google searches, saving time and effort for security professionals.
- **Customizable Queries**: Users can easily customize search parameters to target specific domains, keywords, or file types, allowing for tailored reconnaissance according to the target environment.
- **Interactive User Interface**: Dorkinator provides a simple command-line interface with intuitive menu options, making it accessible to both novice and experienced users.
- **ASCII Art and Colorful Output**: The tool incorporates colorful ASCII art in its introduction, enhancing the user experience and adding a touch of personality to the interface.

## How to Use

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone the Dorkinator repository to your local machine using the following command:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dorkinator.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the Directory**: Enter the Dorkinator directory:
   ```bash
   cd dorkinator
   ```

3. **Run the Script**: Execute the main Python script to launch Dorkinator:
   ```bash
   python dorkinator.py
   ```

4. **Follow the On-Screen Instructions**: Use the interactive menu to select desired search options and enter the target domain.

5. **Review the Results**: View the search results generated by Dorkinator and follow any relevant links for further investigation.

## Contributions and Feedback

Contributions to Dorkinator are welcome! If you encounter any issues, have suggestions for improvements, or want to contribute new features, feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue on the GitHub repository.

## Disclaimer

Dorkinator is intended for educational and informational purposes only. Users are solely responsible for their actions and must ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations when using the tool.

## Credits

Dorkinator is developed and maintained by 5thWindShadow
Feel free to connect to my LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/imankrnia/)
